Theocratic schools
are equipping more and more
of our brothers and sisters
with a strong spiritual foundation.
After graduation, they’re able
to fill needed assignments
in the organization.
For example,
the School for Kingdom Evangelizers
is training ones
who make themselves available
to serve where the harvest is great
—often within their own branch territory.
That’s the situation
in the Democratic Republic of Congo,
where over one million people
attended last year’s Memorial
—that’s more than five times
the number of publishers.
Because of this tremendous need in the field
and the lack of other facilities
to conduct theocratic schools
and house the students,
an exception was made
to have a dedicated school facility.
Now things are different
after a busy renovation
and an exciting dedication program.
In the very heart of Africa
lies the Democratic Republic of Congo
and the Republic of Congo.
Jehovah’s creation
brings praise to him.
However, the greatest shout
of praise to Jehovah
comes from the more than 200,000
Jehovah’s Witnesses
who are zealously preaching and teaching
the good news of the Kingdom.
In our branch territory, over 40,000
were baptized in the last three years.
This means the formation
of many new congregations.
This accelerated growth
produces a need
for more qualified brothers and sisters.
We needed a school facility
that could satisfy this growing need.
Because of economic reasons
and the great number
of potential students in Congo,
the Governing Body made a loving exception
and decided that we could have
a School for Kingdom Evangelizers
with two classrooms.
We were so happy
when we received the approval
to go ahead and renovate
some buildings located near Bethel.
International and local volunteers
worked very hard
to renovate the buildings into a theocratic
school complex that would bring praise
to Jehovah God.
This schools complex is unique
because it is an oasis of order
and cleanliness in an overcrowded city.
One day, a passerby got a glimpse of the
school because the gates were left open.
He was so impressed
with the well-maintained buildings,
the beautiful garden setting, and the sign
—Bible Schools Complex.
He came right in
and asked if he could enroll in the school.
On January 17, 2015,
Brother Gerrit Lösch of the Governing Body
dedicated the complex to Jehovah
with the theme “Growth Praises Jehovah.”
I would never have thought
this could happen 15 years ago
—that a member of the Governing Body
would come to dedicate this building
that has been used for many things
but now, the pinnacle, a school.
We are very happy.
Jehovah is really the Creator.
Fifty-one students
were invited from all over Congo
for the first and second classes
of the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
For many of the students,
it is the first time
to see a theocratic school facility
or Bethel for that matter.
I couldn’t believe my eyes
when Jehovah granted me
one of the desires of my heart
—to attend
the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
At Isaiah 54:13,
the Bible says that every son
“will be taught by Jehovah.”
I felt very privileged to have been chosen
by the Branch Committee
to learn more
about Jehovah and his organization.
The students will never forget
that they enjoyed three good meals
served to them graciously each day,
that their clothes were washed
and well pressed,
that they enjoyed a modern,
air-conditioned classroom in the tropics
with computers and printers
freely available for their use,
and also that they slept
in safety at night in clean rooms.
Do you have the spirit of an evangelizer?
We believe that you do have it.
In general, secular school education
can make people more proud.
This divine education helps the students
to be more humble
and thus more useful in Jehovah’s hands.
I understand better now
how much Jehovah appreciates humble people,
but he opposes the proud.
I am a very small atom of dust,
so there is no need for me to think
I am better than someone else.
The training helped me
to look at myself honestly.
I discovered parts of my personality
that I needed to improve.
My desire to serve others
is stronger than ever.
I have the privilege to take care
of this school complex.
I saw the quality
of divine education with my own eyes.
Now I am motivated to try even harder
to make the experience pleasant
for any future students
and thus bring praise to Jehovah.
It helped me to cherish my place
in Jehovah’s organization
and to love Jehovah
and my brothers and sisters even more.
The school helps the students
not just to help new ones
but also to work
along with the other publishers
so that they also can progress
and stabilize in the faith.
I make an effort to share the training
with others in the congregation.
I like to encourage the young ones
to take up the pioneer service.
With the training I have received,
I now find it easier to approach anyone.
I am conducting several Bible studies,
and some of them are attending meetings.
The divine education that I received
helped me to have
a clearer understanding of the truth.
I am also much more effective
in my ministry.
Deborah and Cathy were assigned
to a distant, isolated territory
1,500 kilometers (930 miles)
up the Congo River in northern Congo.
In the congregation,
the brothers were surprised
because they know that usually
the school will send out brothers,
but it was two sisters.
But now they see
that we help the congregation.
Yes,
we were very happy when our
circuit overseer informed us that two sisters
were coming to our congregation.
We were very happy.
They encourage
other sisters in the congregation;
also, they add enthusiasm
to the congregation,
especially in the ministry.
The presence of these graduates
in the various congregations has helped
to improve the quality of teaching
and has energized the preaching activity.
The benefits reach the far corners of Congo,
so that a great shout of praise
is given to Jehovah.
What a blessing from Jehovah!
Every year,
more than 200 brothers and sisters
can receive divine education from Jehovah
and then disperse this over the
far-reaching territory of the Congo branch.
How encouraging it is to see
that the School
for Kingdom Evangelizers in Congo
is now able to move forward
with Jehovah’s blessing!